# Can-t-publish-a-new-version-to-Play-Store-
I can`t choose Call Log permission groups. Previously, I published it with two Core functionality which is "Default SMS handler, Default Phone handler" for Account verification via phone call,  and showed the link https://telegram.org/privacy#3-3-5-phone-number-and-contacts.  Now Play Store rejecting to publish. The problem of the tase is that  i am choosing wrong permissions. Which one is right? I need an advice and help.  What core functionalities in the Telegram app require Call Log permissions?  Here is the list of Core functionalities. Please help me to choose the correct choice for this app and update it.  Default SMS handler Default Phone handler Default Assistant handler Transactional backup and restore for users and archive for enterprise (time-limited/non-continuous) Enterprise archive, CRM, and device management Caller ID, spam detection, and blocking Connected device companion apps (for example, smartwatch or automotive) Cross-device synchronization or transfer of SMS or calls SMS-based financial transactions and related activity where access is restricted to financial SMS transactions (for example, 5-digit messages) SMS based money management Proxy calls Services - Carrier Services - OEM Device Automation Physical safety/emergency alert apps (e.g., senior safety) Call-based OTP account verification Using SMS_CB_RECEIVED for customer communications (e.g., Smart Zone Cast service) Write and Show Call History in Dialer In-vehicle hands-free use or projected display Anti-SMS Phishing. Please help me guys Thanks very much.
